# 03

## Agenda

* Standup Meeting
* Daily Quiz
* Homework Review
* More CSS Positioning
* Webfonts and Typography
* CSS Animations and Transitions

## Weekly Homework
Don't forget that your blog and vocabulary work is due tomorrow!

## Daily Homework
Tonight's homework is called Vertical Timeline and is the first of many Blueprints we'll be building over this course.

### Objectives

##### Learning Objectives

After completing this assignment, you should be comfortable with

* Translating images/PSDs to HTML and CSS
* Using git on the command line
* Creating and pushing to GitHub repos
* Using Chrome Dev Tools

##### Performance Objectives

After completing this assignment, you should be able to effectively use:

* Git and GitHub
* Terminal
* Your text editor of choice
* Chrome Dev Tools

### Details

##### Deliverables

* A GitHub repo containing
    * `index.html`
    * `index.css`
    * All images in an `assets/images` folder

* A link to your assignment repo in the Homework Submission Form

##### Requirements

* Valid, semantic HTML
* Valid CSS
* At least one git commit (with a message) every hour that you're working on this project

### Normal Mode

Navigate to the [Vertical Timeline](http://tympanus.net/codrops/2013/05/02/vertical-timeline/) demo site. Check it out in the Elements Inspector. Hover over elements, change colors, move text -- play around and have fun.

Now it's time to get coding. First, you need to delete the linked `.css` from your `index.html`. Then, create your own css file named `styles.css`. Then update the `index.html` to link to your new `styles.css`. Commit the deletions and your new file.

In your `styles.css` file, start building the site as close to the original as you can. Be sure to spend ample time on the layout, as that's where the real challenge lies. 

Also pay careful attention to the subtle decorative challenges you need to work with: the caret on the text block, the icons hanging out over the vertical line, the vertical line itself. You'll need to learn about `::before` and it's twin `::after` to implement those properly. You should also note that several of these boxes seem to be missing their corners... the icons are totally enclosed in circles, even! How do you make a box look like a circle?

### Hard Mode
Could you make the HTML more semantic and easier to read? Rewrite `index.html` to reflect some of the best semantic practices we've talked about in class. Be sure to update your `styles.css` to reflect the changes!
