# 02-10-16

## Daily Homework

### Nested Accordion

#### Learning Objectives

After completing this assignment, you should:

* Understand general JavaScript syntax
* Breakdown a simple process of mathematical steps into a series of statements in JS
* Connect JavaScript, HTML, and CSS into a fully functional site

#### Deliverables

* A GitHub repo named `Nested-Accordion`
* Within that repo, a markdown file named `nested-accordion.md`
* Within that repo, a filed named `index.html`
* Within that repo, an assets folder with `css` and `js` folders and the appropriate files within

Head to [this blueprint](http://tympanus.net/codrops/2013/03/29/nested-accordion/) and check out the demo.

Now, answer these questions in the `.md` file:

* What does it do?
  * What interactive elements exist?
  * How do you interact with them?
  * What visual effects are produced by interacting?
* How does it do it?
  * What existing HTML elements are changed?
  * What new HTML elements are created?
  * What CSS styles are used to produce the effect?

Now, it's time to build the site. You know the drill: HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Make it as close to pixel perfect as you can. You should be able to find the same or similar symbols on Font Awesome.

You'll be using `click` events to replicate the reference implementation. Take baby steps. Your first task is to make a function that opens the first closed accordion so the description text is visible. After that, reverse it: write a function that just closes the first open accordion. Now... can you make it open and close on a click?

Now you're ready to move on to other accordions. Try to get all the top-level accordions to open and close at the same time. Then, see if you can make only one accordion open and close at a time, without breaking any of the other accordions.

### Hard Mode
When you click one accordion open, can you make another accordion close?

### Nightmare Mode

Tackle this classic GirlDevelopIt! challenge:

You'll create a word guessing game where the user gets infinite tries to guess the word (like Wheel of Fortune without the wheel and fortune).

Create two arrays: one to hold the letters of the word (e.g. 'F', 'O', 'X'), and one to hold the current guessed letters (e.g. it would start with '_', '_', '_' and end with 'F', 'O', 'X').

Write a function called guessLetter that will:
Take one argument, the guessed letter.
Iterate through the word letters and see if the guessed letter is in there.
If the guessed letter matches a word letter, change the guessed letters array to reflect that.
When it's done iterating, it should log the current guessed letters ('F__') and congratulate the user if they found a new letter.

It should also figure out if there are any more letters that need to be guessed,
and if not, it should congratulate the user for winning the game.

Pretend you don't know the word, and call `guessLetter` multiple times with various letters to check that your program works.

**Bonus:** Make it more like Wheel of Fortune:
Start with a reward amount of $0
Every time a letter is guessed, generate a random amount and reward the user if they found a letter (multiplying the reward if multiple letters found), otherwise subtract from their reward.
When they guess the word, log their final reward amount.
