# 02-10-16

## Daily Homework

### Multi-Column Form and View Mode Switch

#### Learning Objectives

After completing this assignment, you should:

* Understand general JavaScript syntax
* Breakdown a simple process of mathematical steps into a series of statements in JS
* Connect JavaScript, HTML, and CSS into a fully functional site

#### Deliverables

* A GitHub repo named `MultiColumnForm`
* Within that repo, a markdown file named `multi-column-form.md`
* Within that repo, a file named `index.html`
* Within that repo, an assets folder with `css` and `js` folders and the appropriate files within

* A GitHub repo named `ViewModeSwitch`
* Within that repo, a markdown file named `view-mode-switch.md`
* Within that repo, a file named `index.html`
* Within that repo, an assets folder with `css` and `js` folders and the appropriate files within

* Your Blog assignment for the week

* All work turned in via the [Homework Submission Form](https://docs.google.com/a/theironyard.com/forms/d/1kgFQrS4ZIh-h82ruErBGX9lTF3PIomq01kTvT2DZr2A/viewform)

### Multi-Column Form

Head to [this blueprint](http://tympanus.net/codrops/2013/06/06/responsive-multi-column-form/) and check out the demo.

Now, answer these questions in the `.md` file:

* What does it do?
  * What interactive elements exist?
  * How do you interact with them?
  * What visual effects are produced by interacting?
* How does it do it?
  * What existing HTML elements are changed?
  * What new HTML elements are created?
  * What CSS styles are used to produce the effect?

Now, it's time to build the site. HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Make it as close to pixel perfect as you can.

[The reference implementation](http://tympanus.net/codrops/2013/06/06/responsive-multi-column-form/) didn't have any JavaScript behavior, did it? That means we get to _add_ some!

For this challenge, you'll focus on the JavaScript that would take a user's input and turn it into output. You need to find a way to capture input from the form. You then want to output that input to the console using `console.log`.

This is a tough problem, so tackle it as a group, practicing breaking down baby steps. You'll need [the Event reference on MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Events) to find the correct event to listen for and how to make it do your bidding (instead of its _default_ behavior).

When turning in this assignment, _also_ put the result of the output as a screenshot of the console in the `MultiColumnForm` repo. You will link the entire repo in the Homework Submission Form.

### View Mode Switch

Now we'll tackle `ViewModeSwitch`. Like [the reference implementation](http://tympanus.net/codrops/2013/07/01/view-mode-switch/), you want to change the layout of the page when a user clicks on a button in the upper right-hand corner. What `events` do you think you'll be using?

Answer these questions in the `.md` file:

* What does it do?
  * What interactive elements exist?
  * How do you interact with them?
  * What visual effects are produced by interacting?
* How does it do it?
  * What existing HTML elements are changed?
  * What new HTML elements are created?
  * What CSS styles are used to produce the effect?

Then begin building the HTML and CSS, as well as the JavaScript. Get it as close to pixel perfect as you can.

Your first baby step should be to focus on the buttons. Using JavaScript, how can you switch the `"active"` button? Now make a _function_ that does that. Can you wire that up to a `click` listener? What should you do with the second button?

Ok, almost there! What causes the layout to shift when the buttons are clicked? Can you write a function that does that? Can you wire it up to a `click` event? Can you toggle between them?

### Hard Mode
For **Multi-Column Form**: resize the browser and notice how the layout shifts down to a tablet view and then a mobile view. Can you make your form responsive?

### Nightmare Mode
For **ViewModeSwitch**: like Multi-Column Form, you need to resize the browser to see the responsive layouts. Can you make them responsive?

# Don't Forget Your Blog Entry Is Due Monday!!
