# 02-08-16

## Weekly Homework

### Journal, Week 2

Congratulations! You completed your first week at The Iron Yard. You've learned a lot in a very short amount of time. You've also learned the importance of working with others, learning from fellow students, and teaching concepts back to others.

This week, your journal will focus on working in a group. Research the following topic and write a few paragraphs summarizing your findings:

* What is Pair Programming and what kinds of Pair Programming are there?

Your journal entry is due next Monday.

## Daily Homework

### Description

This assignment serves to reinforce JS syntax, functions, and some mathematical operators and sequences.

### Objectives

#### Learning Objectives

After completing this assignment, you should:

* Understand general JS syntax
* Grasp why functions are important
* Understand arrays and loops
* Be able to breakdown a simple process of mathematical steps into a series of statements in JS

### Details

#### Deliverables

* A GitHub repo called `TIY-Assignments` containing:
  * `exercises-1.js`
  * `even-fibonacci.js`
  * Both assignments submitted to the Homework Submission Form

### JavaScript Practice

```javascript
/**
 * For each of the following Array methods,

 * 1. use them in an example
 * 2. use console.log() to make the code run in the console!

 **/

// .sort()

// .concat()

// .indexOf()

// .split()

// .join()

// .pop()

// .push()

// .slice()

// .splice()

// .shift()

// .unshift()

// .filter()

// .map()
```

### Coding Kata: Even Fibonacci

Here's a potential interview question from [Project Euler](https://projecteuler.net) that will help you learn to break problems down into smaller steps. Ever heard of [Fibonacci numbers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fibonacci_number)?

> Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be:
>
> 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, ...
>
> By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed 4 million, find the sum of the even-valued terms.
> - [Project Euler No. 2](https://projecteuler.net/problem=2)

You read that right: _4 million_. You'll want to break this problem down a little, I think.

You must be able to print the answer to the console.

When you've got the solution, push it to a GitHub repo named `TIY-Assignments`.
