# 02-09-16

## Daily Homework

### Description

This assignment serves to reinforce JS syntax, functions, and some mathematical operators and sequences.

#### Learning Objectives

After completing this assignment, you should:

* Understand general JS syntax
* Grasp why functions are important
* Understand arrays and loops
* Be able to breakdown a simple process of mathematical steps into a series of statements in JS

### Details

#### Deliverables

* A GitHub repo called `TIY-Assignments` containing:
  * `3sAnd5s.js`
  * `fizzBuzz.js`
  * a folder called `About Me`
  * within that folder, an `index.html`
  * All assignments submitted to the [Homework Submission Form](https://docs.google.com/a/theironyard.com/forms/d/1kgFQrS4ZIh-h82ruErBGX9lTF3PIomq01kTvT2DZr2A/viewform)

### 3s and 5s

Last night's Hard Mode is tonight's Normal Mode!

  > If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23.

  > Find the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1000.

### FizzBuzz

Ah, FizzBuzz. This is one of the most popular interview questions. And surprisingly, most developers fail it. Well, you won't, because you're doing it in **Week 2**.

>"Write a program that prints the numbers from 1 to 100. But for multiples of three print “Fizz” instead of the number and for the multiples of five print “Buzz”. For numbers which are multiples of both three and five print “FizzBuzz”."
- [Imran Ghory](http://imranontech.com/2007/01/24/using-fizzbuzz-to-find-developers-who-grok-coding/)

Your answer should print to the console.

### About Me

This next one was inspired by a classic GirlDevelopIt! challenge and lets you dive into the wonderful world of DOM JavaScript.

Start with the following HTML, saved as `index.html`:

```HTML5
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
 <head>
  <meta charset="utf-8"/>
  <title>About Me</title>
</head>
<body>
  <h1>About Me</h1>

  <ul>
    <li>Full Name: <span id="fullname"></span></li>
    <li>Hometown: <span id="hometown"></span></li>
    <li>Favorite Movie: <span id="movie"></span></li>
    <li>Favorite Food: <span id="food"></span></li>
  </ul>

 </body>
</html>
```

* Add a `script` tag in the appropriate place.
* Using JavaScript, change the body's tag style so it has a font-family of the sans-serif font stack of your choice.
* Using JavaScript, replace each of the spans with your own information.
* Iterate through each `li` and change the class to `listitem`. Add a style tag that sets a rule for `listitem` to make the color red.
* Create a new `img` element and set its `src attribute` to a picture of you. Append that element to the page.

## Hard Mode

Hungry for more? Get some Objects practice with another classic GirlDevelopIt! challenge.

### The Reading List

>Keep track of which books you read and which books you want to read!

>Create an array of objects, where each object describes a book and has properties for the title (a string), author (a string), and alreadyRead (a boolean indicating if you read it yet).
Iterate through the array of books. For each book, log the book title and book author like so: "The Hobbit by J.R.R. Tolkien".

>Now use an if/else statement to change the output depending on whether you read it yet or not. If you read it, log a string like 'You already read "The Hobbit" by J.R.R. Tolkien', and if not, log a string like 'You still need to read "The Lord of the Rings" by J.R.R. Tolkien.'

## Nightmare Mode

### Random Number

- Write an app that asks the user to guess a number between 1 and 10
- The user types her answer in an `input` field
- Indicate if the user's guess is too high or too low
- If the user guesses the number, indicate that she's won
- Don't use `alert`
- Update the DOM to indicate win, too low, too high, and any other messages
- You'll probably want to use `parseInt` to convert the user's input from a string to an integer
- You'll probably want to use `Math.random()` to generate a random number for the user to guess
