# 03-21-2016

# Prepping for Etsy

### Deliverables
* A `.md` file in your `TIY-Assignments` folder with the following Etsy API questions _thoughtfully_ answered
* A new repo for your very own AngularJS mini-app
* Which includes a thoughtful `README.md` that explains your app's purpose

## Reading APIs: Etsy

We'll be working with [the Etsy API documentation](https://www.etsy.com/developers/documentation) this week to build out our catalog. Prepare yourself by answering the following questions about the API.

* **How do I make API requests?**
  * What is the base URL for all requests?
  * Are there any headers or query parameters required?
  * What kind of response should I expect?
* **How does the API handle authentication?**
  * Do I _need_ to authenticate? with user credentials?
  * What can I do with an unauthenticated request?
  * How can I authenticate my request? (what methods)
* **What Resource in the API represents...**
     * an individual product?
     * a group or collection of products?
     * images associated with a product?
     * sizes and colors for a product?
   * **What actions and endpoints exist for each of these Resources?**
   * **What parameters do each endpoint require or accept?**
   * **What fields are returned for each Resource, specifically:**
     * an individual product?
     * a group or collection of products?
   * **What _additional_ fields can be requested for each?**

## Two Options:

### All the AngularJS You Could Ever Want

Tonight, you'll get creative and build your own tiny AngularJS app about...anything you want. No, really. Just build. Here's some ideas:

* Todo List
* Order Form
* An older homework assignment you want to convert to AngularJS
* A small...appointments app???

Make it bite-sized and aim for MVP. You only have tonight to get something working. You'll also want to include a thoughtful `README.md` that explains your app's purpose for any random GitHubbers that might stumble across it.

Consider trying out CodeSchool's [AngularJS Reading List](https://github.com/codeschool/AngularJSSTB) example before building. Check out how it's built and see if you can identify all the parts.

Also check out [Learn AngularJS Through 5 Examples](http://tutorialzine.com/2013/08/learn-angularjs-5-examples/). Of course you can't _copy_ these examples, but they might help get your creative juices flowing.

You can work with a partner or alone on this project. Make it clear on your ReadMe if you're working with a partner.

or

### Let's Finish the Iron Store

Want some time to hit MVP or clean up your project from last night? Tonight's your night. Pair with your partner and work.
