# 02-29-2016

## Weekly Homework

### Journal, Week 5

It's week 5. Congrats! You're halfway through the lecture portion of the program, and almost halfway through the entire bootcamp!

This week is a reflective entry. Write a few paragraphs identifying the following:

* Something technical you've learned that you didn't really know existed before The Iron Yard (ex: jQuery, Sass, loops)

* One challenge you've faced since starting the programming

* And how you overcame it or are working on overcoming it

## Daily Homework

### Normal Mode

NodeSchool is a great open-source project that runs workshops and writes curriculum focusing on a variety of front end topics. Tonight, you'll be using some of their modules for your first Review Week lesson.

#### JavaScripting

Head to [NodeSchool.io](http://nodeschool.io/index.html), then Tutorials. Under Core tutorials, you'll see a header called `JavaScripting`. Click on that and follow the installation instructions. Then, go through all the exercises. There should be twenty-one.

As you complete each exercise, save a `.js` file named after the exercise and push it to a new repo called `javascripting-solutions`. You'll turn this repo in.

#### Learn-Sass

Now, scroll down to Electives and do the exact same with their `Learn Sass` module. Upload your `.scss` stylesheets or whatever solution they ask for to a new repo named `learn-sass-solutions`.

#### Getting Sass-y

Read the following resources and be prepared to answer questions tomorrow about:

* [Sass Basics](http://sass-lang.com/guide)
* [Sass Guidelines](http://sass-guidelin.es/)

Then, make a very basic website -- just enough to show off some CSS stylings. But instead of CSS, write it in Sass. You can use a previous assignment's HTML/JS _except for BluePrints_. Don't sass any of those! You can also create your own. Again, it doesn't have to be too fancy. Just get Sass working.

Push your `.html`, `.scss`, and compiled `.css` to a new folder inside your `TIY-Assignments` repo.

### Hard Mode

Head back to NodeSchool.io and complete the `Functional JavaScript` workshop. Push your answers to a new repo called `functional-javascript-solutions`.

### Nightmare Mode

Do any (or all) of the following on NodeSchool.io and push your solutions to GitHub:

* Scope Chains and Closures
* Learn Your Node
* Promise It Won't Hurt
* LololoDash
