# 02-18-16

## Daily Homework

#### Learning Objectives

After completing this assignment, you should:

* Understand basic jQuery syntax for DOM manipulation
* Utilize Git and GitHub for effective development practices
* Increase knowledge and practice of responsive web design

#### Deliverables

* A GitHub repo named `memory-game`
* Within each folder, `index.html` files and assets folders with a `css` folder and `js` folder and the appropriate files within

* All work turned in via the [Homework Submission Form](https://docs.google.com/a/theironyard.com/forms/d/1kgFQrS4ZIh-h82ruErBGX9lTF3PIomq01kTvT2DZr2A/viewform)

### I Remember You, Memory!
Ah, Memory. Don't worry, I'll spare you the song from _Cats_.

This weekend, you'll take your previous Memory game from [week 1](https://github.com/tiyd-fee-2016-02/daily-assignments/blob/master/week-1/2016-02-04/2016-02-04.md) and add JavaScript functionality. This means:

* Clean up your HTML and CSS
* Make the game work using jQuery:
  * The cards should flip using jQuery, **not** CSS
  * When cards chosen match, they should stay flipped
  * When cards chosen do not match, they should flip back
  * The clock should accurately record the time
  * You must push the final game to `gh-pages` so we can all play it

### Hard Mode

I love that little _Legend of Zelda_ heart bar in the upper left. Can you implement it -- and make sure the player loses a life every time they don't make a match?

If the player wins the game, they should receive a screen that declares their victory! And if they lose, chronicle their defeat (in a way that is not bloody).

### Nightmare Mode

Make that game responsive. Don't just shrink down the blocks. Think it through: if you were playing this game on a tablet, what should it look like?
