# 02-16-16

## Daily Homework

#### Learning Objectives

After completing this assignment, you should:

* Understand basic jQuery syntax for DOM manipulation
* Use Git and GitHub like your life depends on it

#### Deliverables

* Your Nested Accordion GitHub repo
* A new branch named `jquery-version`
* Within each folder, `index.html` files and assets folders with `css` and `js` folders and the appropriate files within

* All work turned in via the [Homework Submission Form](https://docs.google.com/a/theironyard.com/forms/d/1kgFQrS4ZIh-h82ruErBGX9lTF3PIomq01kTvT2DZr2A/viewform)

### The Revenge of Nested Accordion

Remember our good friend Nested Accordion? Time to revisit it with our new buddy jQuery.

You **can** use the HTML and CSS from the last time you built it. However, you must create a new JavaScript file and link it. You should also push yourself to complete the HTML and CSS if you did not before.

Now, translate your original vanilla JavaScript into jQuery.  Your first task is to make a function that opens the first closed accordion so the description text is visible. After that, reverse it: write a function that just closes the first open accordion. Now... can you make it open and close on a click?

Now you're ready to move on to other accordions. Try to get all the top-level accordions to open and close at the same time. Then, see if you can make only one accordion open and close at a time, without breaking any of the other accordions.

### Hard Mode

When you click one accordion open, can you make another accordion close?

### Nightmare Mode

Tackle those sub-menus!
