# 02-22-2016

## Weekly Homework

### Journal, Week 4

You're going to write another tutorial topic this week. It should have something to do with **JQUERY** and include a few demonstration code snippets.

### Reading APIs

We're going to get familiar with the GitHub API this week. Start reading [the documentation](http://developer.github.com/v3) and answer the following questions in a markdown file called `github-api.md` that will go in your `TIYAssignments` repo.

**This should be done individually**

* How does the API handle authentication?
  * Do I need to authenticate?
  * What can I do with an unauthenticated request?
  * How can I authenticate my request? (3 ways)
* How do I ask the API for...
  * The profile information for a specific user?
  * The repository listing for a specific user?
  * The recent, public activity for a specific user?
* Is there a limit to the number of requests I can make?
  * Is there a way of extending that limit?
  * What happens when I hit the limit?
* What if there is a _lot_ of data returned?
  * How can I ask for more (or less) data from a request?
  * How do I know that there is more data available?

* What are the endpoints for fetching...
  * the profile data for a user?
  * the organizations a user belongs to?
  * the repositories a user has created?
  * a filtered list of repositories?
  * a sorted list of repositories?
  * public events for a user?
* When fetching public events for a user...
  * How many results are returned by default?
  * What limitations exist on fetching _more_ results?
  * What is the basic structure of the results?
  * What fields are included in each result?
  * What are the data types for each field?
  * What are some of the different values for the `type` field?

## Daily Homework

### The Terror of Octocat

#### Learning Objectives

After completing this assignment, you should:

* Understand JSON and how to effectively translate that data into the DOM
* Understand and practice templating
* Advanced layout placement with HTML, CSS, and jQuery
* Building from prototypes
* Working on small dev teams

#### Deliverables

* A shared GitHub repo with your partner inside the `tiyd-fee-2016-02` organization
* Within each folder, `index.html` files and assets folders with `css` and `js` folders and the appropriate files within
* Appropriate JSON file placement (see instructions)
* All work turned in via the [Homework Submission Form](https://docs.google.com/a/theironyard.com/forms/d/1kgFQrS4ZIh-h82ruErBGX9lTF3PIomq01kTvT2DZr2A/viewform)

### Get to Know Octocat

It's time for your first pair project! This will be a multi-day project.

The teams are:

| Header One | Header Two |
| ---------- | :--------- |
| Mike       | Jeremy     |
| Andrew     | Matt       |
| Byron      | Alex       |
| Daniel     | Nicky      |
| Dennis     | Evan       |
| Rhonda     | Tori       | Greg

You're going to build Octocat's [GitHub Profile](https://github.com/octocat). But by the end of the week, you will have transformed it into a template engine that can be used to produce multiple profile pages.

Tonight, you're responsible for:

* Answering the above API questions _in detail_ -- don't just write a few words for each topic
* Creating a team repo in the `tiyd-fee-2016-02` repo
* Building out the layout, including static text
* Grabbing Octocat's JSON information and creating JSON files
* Carefully chronicling what parts were done as a team and what parts were done solo on the repo's `README.md`

#### Fetching the JSON

You'll need to fetch some data for the JSON files. Save [the JSON data from the GitHub API for Octocat](https://api.github.com/users/octocat) into the file `api/github/users/octocat.json`: that's a file named `octocat.json` inside a folder named `users/` inside a folder named `github/` inside a folder named `apis/`.

There's more data being used to construct Octocat's profile than is just in `octocat.json`, though. We need [a list of the repositories that belong to Octocat](https://api.github.com/users/octocat/repos); those should live in a file named `repositories.json` inside of _a directory named `octocat`_.

We also need [the most recent public activity for Octocat](https://api.github.com/users/octocat/events/public) in a file next to `repositories.json` called `activity.json`. If you looked at a `tree` of `apis/` it should look like this:

* `apis/`
  * `github/`
    * `users/`
      * `octocat/`
        * `activity.json`
        * `repositories.json`
      * `octocat.json`

#### Building the Site

Tonight, you're going to build out the static Octocat site with HTML, CSS, and jQuery to make the tabs work. Don't worry about the **Public Contributions** section and the heat map, but try to build out everything else.

#### Pair programming

While onsite, you should work **together** using the Driver/Navigator system. Every thirty minutes, switch who's at the keyboard.

Anything done at home **must** be documented on the `README.md` and pushed to a separate branch.
