# 02-22-2016

## The Return of Octocat

#### Learning Objectives

After completing this assignment, you should:

* Understand JSON and how to effectively translate that data into the DOM
* Understand and practice templating via [Lodash](https://lodash.com/)
* Advanced layout placement with HTML, CSS, and jQuery
* Building from prototypes
* Working on small dev teams

#### Deliverables

* A shared GitHub repo with your partner inside the `tiyd-fee-2016-02` organization
* Within each folder, `index.html` files and assets folders with `css` and `js` folders and the appropriate files within
* Appropriate JSON file placement
* All work turned in via the [Homework Submission Form](https://docs.google.com/a/theironyard.com/forms/d/1kgFQrS4ZIh-h82ruErBGX9lTF3PIomq01kTvT2DZr2A/viewform)

Same groups as last night.

Tonight and Wednesday, you're responsible for:

* Creating a new branch to house your templated site
* Inserting Lodash templating language that pulls from your JSON
* Carefully chronicling what parts were done as a team and what parts were done solo on the repo's `README.md`

#### Template Time

Tonight, use Lodash to create a templated website **on a new branch**. Instead of static content, template the parts of the page that correspond to the Octocat JSON files. To do this, you'll need to identify the elements on the page that are rendered from the JSON. Here are a few to get you started:

* name
* username
* location

Focus on the sidebar in particular to start. **Pay Attention** to how they are listed in the JSON. You'll need those to template.

Now, once you've got the sidebar set, try some AJAX with it. Can you get the information to render using `.getJSON`? If Lodash trips you up for too long, is there another way to display JSON data to the DOM using jQuery? Try that on another branch.

Once you've got that working, move on to another part of the page. Keep going across the page and get as far as you can together tonight.
