# 03-07-2016

## Chatti: The Chatty Assistant

I specifically remember some of you wanted to build an AI... •̀.̫•́✧

Team time!

| Student    | Student    |
| ---------- | :--------- |
| Tori       | Nicky      |            
| Dennis     | Jeremy     |            
| Matt       | Alex       |            
| Andrew     | Daniel     |            
| Byron      | Greg       |     
| Evan       | Mike       |

You've been hired by a company like Slack to add a bot to
their chat application. They've asked you to prototype it.

When a user types in a chat message that begins with an
ampersand '@', the chat program will run a command.

So, if the user types this into the chat application:

    `@calc 2 + 2`

The bot will reply with:

    `2 + 2 = 4`

The chat can also look up weather. If the user types in:

    `@temp Durham, NC`

The bot will reply with:

    `It's 75° in Durham, NC`

There are many commands that the company would like to eventually incorporate:

    `@help - replies with the list of all supported commands
    @temp - replies with the temperature of the specified location
    @weather - replies with the forecast for the specified location
    @gh - replies with profile information about the specified github user
    @etsy - replies with the top few listings for an Etsy search
    @es - replies with the Spanish translation
    @fr - replies with the French translation
    @giphy - replies with a gif
    @bg - changes the background color
    @whatis - replies with the definition of the specified word/phrase
    @wiki - replies with the wikipedia article matching the query`

What other ones can you think of?

Use [The Programmable Web](http://www.programmableweb.com/apis/directory) as a starting point.

Here's an [example](https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=qgGa6UAVMOQ) of the app in action.

### Normal Mode

* New repo called `TIY-Chatti`
* Working app with at least four @ commands
* Responsive at three sizes (desktop, tablet, mobile)
* Well designed! Check out [Dribbble](https://dribbble.com/search?q=chat) for inspiration
* Updated `README.md` that every night documents who worked on what
* `js` folder must be separated appropriately
* Example: `app.js` but then a separate folder inside `js` called `chat_functions` with each chat function in a new document

### Hard Mode

* Three or more additional commands

### Nightmare Mode

* Use [Vue.js](http://vuejs.org/) to build the app
* You can do this as a pair or alone **once you've hit Normal and Hard Mode**
* Put it on a new branch or in a new repo
